version 1.2 vulkan

# For core extensions, only ones that introduce suffixed function pointers are
# enabled, as structures, types and enums are already present.
# TODO: extend flextGL to include only function pointers from these

# Instance extensions
extension KHR_get_physical_device_properties2   optional
extension KHR_device_group_creation             optional
extension KHR_external_memory_capabilities      optional
extension KHR_external_semaphore_capabilities   optional
extension KHR_external_fence_capabilities       optional

# Device extensions
#extension EXT_sampler_filter_minmax             optional
#extension EXT_descriptor_indexing               optional
#extension EXT_shader_viewport_index_layer       optional
#extension EXT_scalar_block_layout               optional
#extension EXT_separate_stencil_usage            optional
extension EXT_host_query_reset                  optional
#extension KHR_sampler_mirror_clamp_to_edge      optional
#extension KHR_multiview                         optional
extension KHR_device_group                      optional
#extension KHR_shader_draw_parameters            optional
extension KHR_maintenance1                      optional
#extension KHR_external_semaphore                optional
#extension KHR_shader_float16_int8               optional
#extension KHR_16bit_storage                     optional
extension KHR_descriptor_update_template        optional
#extension KHR_external_memory                   optional
#extension KHR_imageless_framebuffer             optional
extension KHR_create_renderpass2                optional
#extension KHR_external_fence                    optional
#extension KHR_maintenance2                      optional
#extension KHR_variable_pointers                 optional
#extension KHR_dedicated_allocation              optional
#extension KHR_storage_buffer_storage_class      optional
#extension KHR_relaxed_block_layout              optional
extension KHR_get_memory_requirements2          optional
#extension KHR_image_format_list                 optional
extension KHR_sampler_ycbcr_conversion          optional
extension KHR_bind_memory2                      optional
extension KHR_maintenance3                      optional
extension KHR_draw_indirect_count               optional
#extension KHR_shader_subgroup_extended_types    optional
#extension KHR_8bit_storage                      optional
#extension KHR_shader_atomic_int64               optional
#extension KHR_driver_properties                 optional
#extension KHR_shader_float_controls             optional
#extension KHR_depth_stencil_resolve             optional
extension KHR_timeline_semaphore                optional
#extension KHR_vulkan_memory_model               optional
#extension KHR_spirv_1_4                         optional
#extension KHR_separate_depth_stencil_layouts    optional
#extension KHR_uniform_buffer_standard_layout    optional
extension KHR_buffer_device_address             optional

# Non-core / vendor extensions
extension EXT_debug_report                      optional
extension EXT_debug_marker                      optional
extension EXT_debug_utils                       optional
extension EXT_validation_features               optional
extension EXT_texture_compression_astc_hdr      optional
extension EXT_vertex_attribute_divisor          optional
extension EXT_index_type_uint8                  optional
extension EXT_extended_dynamic_state            optional
extension EXT_robustness2                       optional
extension EXT_image_robustness                  optional
extension IMG_format_pvrtc                      optional
extension KHR_acceleration_structure            optional
extension KHR_portability_subset                optional
extension KHR_deferred_host_operations          optional
extension KHR_pipeline_library                  optional
extension KHR_copy_commands2                    optional
extension KHR_ray_tracing_pipeline              optional
extension KHR_ray_query                         optional

begin functions blacklist
    # Deprecated since 1.0.13, not used
    EnumerateDeviceLayerProperties
end functions blacklist

# kate: hl python
