# The following output is taken from `magnum-gl-info --all-extensions` with
# removed `GL_` prefixes. Some extensions are comented out as they don't add
# any symbols that aren't already added by headers and would only bloat the
# headers.

version 3.2 es

extraspec https://raw.githubusercontent.com/google/angle/master/scripts/gl_angle_ext.xml

extension EXT_color_buffer_half_float               optional
extension EXT_color_buffer_float                    optional
extension EXT_copy_image                            optional
extension EXT_draw_buffers_indexed                  optional
extension EXT_geometry_shader                       optional
extension EXT_gpu_shader5                           optional
extension EXT_shader_io_blocks                      optional
extension EXT_tessellation_shader                   optional
extension EXT_texture_border_clamp                  optional
extension EXT_texture_buffer                        optional
extension EXT_texture_cube_map_array                optional
extension EXT_primitive_bounding_box                optional
# extension KHR_texture_compression_astc_ldr        optional
extension KHR_debug                                 optional
extension KHR_blend_equation_advanced               optional
extension KHR_robustness                            optional
extension KHR_robust_buffer_access_behavior         optional
# unfortunately this adds back the KHR-suffixed ASTC enums I was so desperately
# trying to get rid of
extension OES_texture_compression_astc              optional
extension OES_sample_shading                        optional
extension OES_sample_variables                      optional
extension OES_shader_image_atomic                   optional
extension OES_shader_multisample_interpolation      optional
extension OES_texture_stencil8                      optional
extension OES_texture_storage_multisample_2d_array  optional

extension ANDROID_extension_pack_es31a              optional
# extension ANGLE_texture_compression_dxt1          optional
# extension ANGLE_texture_compression_dxt3          optional
# extension ANGLE_texture_compression_dxt5          optional
extension APPLE_texture_format_BGRA8888             optional
extension ARM_shader_framebuffer_fetch              optional
extension ARM_shader_framebuffer_fetch_depth_stencil optional
extension EXT_texture_filter_anisotropic            optional
# extension EXT_texture_compression_dxt1            optional
extension EXT_texture_format_BGRA8888               optional
extension EXT_read_format_bgra                      optional
extension EXT_multi_draw_arrays                     optional
extension EXT_debug_label                           optional
extension EXT_debug_marker                          optional
extension EXT_separate_shader_objects               optional
extension EXT_multisampled_render_to_texture        optional
extension EXT_robustness                            optional
extension EXT_shader_framebuffer_fetch              optional
extension EXT_disjoint_timer_query                  optional
extension EXT_texture_sRGB_decode                   optional
extension EXT_sRGB_write_control                    optional
extension EXT_texture_compression_s3tc              optional
extension EXT_pvrtc_sRGB                            optional
extension EXT_shader_integer_mix                    optional
extension EXT_draw_elements_base_vertex             optional
extension EXT_texture_norm16                        optional
extension EXT_texture_sRGB_R8                       optional
extension EXT_texture_sRGB_RG8                      optional
extension EXT_polygon_offset_clamp                  optional
extension EXT_clip_cull_distance                    optional
extension EXT_texture_compression_rgtc              optional
extension EXT_texture_compression_bptc              optional
extension EXT_texture_compression_s3tc_srgb         optional
extension IMG_texture_compression_pvrtc             optional
# extension KHR_texture_compression_astc_hdr        optional
extension KHR_blend_equation_advanced_coherent      optional
extension KHR_context_flush_control                 optional
extension KHR_no_error                              optional
# extension KHR_texture_compression_astc_sliced_3d  optional
extension NV_read_buffer_front                      optional
extension NV_read_depth                             optional
extension NV_read_stencil                           optional
extension NV_read_depth_stencil                     optional
extension NV_texture_border_clamp                   optional
extension NV_shader_noperspective_interpolation     optional
extension NV_sample_locations                       optional
extension NV_polygon_mode                           optional
extension NV_fragment_shader_barycentric            optional
extension OES_depth32                               optional
extension OES_mapbuffer                             optional
extension OES_stencil1                              optional
extension OES_stencil4                              optional
extension OES_draw_elements_base_vertex             optional
extension OVR_multiview                             optional
extension OVR_multiview2                            optional

# From the gl_angle_ext file
extension ANGLE_multi_draw                          optional
extension ANGLE_base_vertex_base_instance           optional

# kate: hl python
